I'm on meds. I mean, I need to be.
I went through some hard times.
I quit my job at the ferry company.
With the pandemic and all,
I've spent almost two years at home.
What are you waiting for
to be the hero of your own life?
Take a look at yourself from above.
How big are you?
I'm so bored. I was fine on the ferry.
Some people get seasick.
I guess I get landsick.
People have been wearing masks.
It's uncomfortable, but I got used to it.
I'm tired of sitting around at home.
You gotta listen to yourself
and take care of your body in such times.
There is a lady called Peri Sönmez
on Instagram. Her account is PeriWords.
I especially like two of her videos.
"Forgive Yourself, Adapt, and Accept"
and "Toxic Relationships? Never."
I find them really helpful.
Now, there is no one toxic in my life.
GUIDE TO HAPPINESS
I no longer talk to my friends
Salih and Bahri from the ferry.
Toxic means poisonous. It's simple.
You stop talking to people
who aren't good for you.
It reminds me of
what Uncle Enver always says.
"Wipe your ass with glass, you'll get cut.
Talk to simpletons, you'll lose it."
I'm choosing to avoid people now.
I'm happy in my small world.
I just want to do good things
for myself now.
I'm sick of making others happy.
LETITGOXINE
That about sums it up.
Yes, that about sums it up.
Fine, you can start Monday night.
Thanks.
Alright, let's see how big you are
when you put yourself in the center.
Start if you are ready to adapt.
Just take a deep breath.
One.
Take a deeper breath.
And say it.
-I…
-…accept myself.
Can you feel yourself adapting?
-I'm unique.
Just say,
"I accept and approve of myself."
INCOMING CALL
FOREMAN SALIH
-I accept and approve of myself.
When will you leave?
Don't be late on your first day.
Mom, it's a night job.
Get out, please. I'm watching a video.
Why are you taking deep breaths like that?
-Am I not allowed to breathe?
-You keep moaning.
I don't like the way
you've been acting, Metin.
You don't take care of yourself.
What is with you talking to yourself?
-I'm talking to myself?
-Ask yourself the following question.
Go on. Why are your teeth like that
after all these months?
They will be fixed soon.
It's a terrible time for this.
What if you get engaged?
Look, think hard about Suhal.
Her father helped you out from over there,
may God bless him.
They are trying to do you a favor.
The job is fine,
but I am not so sure about marriage.
This girl is just right for our family.
What would be the harm
in meeting the girl?
I don't like being told what to do.
But he helped you!
Nothing is ever good enough for you.
Remember,
only you can set your boundaries.
You need just one thing
to become a better version of yourself.
-What is it?
-Yourself.
She said, "Yourself." Not, "Your mom."
Fine!
KOMODOR HOTEL
-Here is the laundry room.
-Yes, sir.
If you need to get a towel or a sheet,
they are here.
-Yes, sir.
-The girl will be here till the morning.
Have a good one.
Hello.
-Why are you playing with it?
-The band broke.
So what? Let's go.
That's it.
Don't walk around the rooms.
If a guest arrives,
take water to their room.
If they want anything else,
get it from the liquor store next door.
Your weekly pay is 1,500 liras.
That's all. Here.
It's supposed to be Metin. It says Çetin.
It says Çetin?
This is your probation week, anyway.
There is a tip box there.
The guests will sometimes give you
10, 20, or 100 liras.
-Will you put it in the box?
-I will.
You will, my ass.
So, 1,500 liras per week is enough.
If it's the rule, I will.
Steal it if you want, my man.
I couldn't care less.
Back on the ship,
we used to collect tips in a box.
And we'd share them. Tip box.
We aren't on the ship anymore.
We've docked. We are on land now.
I can't keep tabs on your tips.
Do as you please.
You can all fight about it if you want.
I don't care.
Yes, sir.
Don't wander around the halls.
Don't eavesdrop on the rooms.
What's the profile of our guests, sir?
They are all upper-crust.
-Good evening, Mr. Bahtiyar.
-Good evening.
Give him room 103.
Any new songs? We listened to you
all night the other day.
No, sir. Sorry, no songs tonight.
Can you bring me some water?
Mr. Çetin will.
I'm off.
Hacer will come at 7:00 a.m.
Open the door for her if you lock it.
How will I recognize Hacer?
She'll say, "I'm Hacer."
Who else would come at 7:00?
She is short.
Give me your number.
Mr. Cengiz, at a time
when I'm turning over a new leaf,
thank you so much for your help.
Thank the girl.
This is just probation, anyway.
But you are trusting me
with an entire hotel, after all.
What's the worst you can do?
Eat the walls?
Nibble on the couches? What?
Do you have any suggestions on smiling?
Smile. Always smile.
The first step is important.
When you are starting a new adventure,
be sure to show everyone that
you are ready to be your best version.
You have prepared your body and your mind.
Now, you are ready.
Look, your eyes are bright,
and you are glowing.
You are as light as a feather
and as strong as an oak.
You don't get hurt, no matter what.
-Give me your Peri word.
-I give you my Peri word.
NO ENTRY WITHOUT A FACE MASK!
Suhal?
I'm Mr. Metin. I mean, Metin.
Good evening. How are you?
I'm fine. Welcome.
Do you need something?
I've started working at the reception.
Well, congratulations.
Thanks.
-Are these machines automatic?
-Yes, they have timers. Programs, I mean.
Incredible technology.
Maybe I should say, "One day,
the robots will take over the world!"
My teeth will be fixed soon.
The pandemic delayed the treatment.
Okay.
I haven't seen you before.
Your mom… You know Kezban?
Mrs. Kezban…
I mean, I don't know your mom.
But Nabi is her neighbor.
Is she your aunt?
-I know Nadi, the youngest brother.
-I'm his daughter.
I used to work on ships.
Ships?
"Don't let people define you."
"Look them in the eye
and scream out who you are."
There was a video…
Ships… I worked on ships.
Ships? All the ships?
No, I mean…
The Queen Elizabeth.
Cruise ship. Overseas.
Not a ferry?
We do internships on ferries for a year.
Then we go abroad.
-Can I be honest with you?
-Sure.
I know our mothers
talked about our marriage, but…
Maybe we should…
Can we not talk about that?
I need to dry the sheets.
Of course.
Mr. Çetin!
I'm coming!
Mr. Metin or Mr. Çetin?
It's a typo.
It's actually Ayzek.
Maybe you remember the old TV show
The Love Boat. It's from there.
Okay, when you decide on a name,
I'll call you that.
-Alright. I'll be upstairs.
-I'll be downstairs.
I didn't mean that…
Mr. Çetin?
He is still calling me Çetin,
even though it's a typo.
See you around.
-Mr. Çetin!
-It's Metin, sir. Metin.
They got it wrong because I'm new.
I got my water.
You were going to get it, but you didn't.
I'm sorry. Could you put your mask on?
-What?
-Your mask, sir. Like I'm wearing now.
I don't wear masks.
Feel free to wear yours.
Let me note down the water.
I didn't get the jab,
but I also didn't get Covid.
I got the jab, and I didn't get Covid.
Maybe I wanna die.
Sir, can you stand further away, please?
Get me 400 grams of salted peanuts,
six beers, and a razor blade.
I suppose you have kettles and water here.
I also need something like a washtub.
What is something like a washtub?
A washtub.
Yes. Six beers,
salted peanuts, and a razor.
-No, a razor blade. Like in a box?
-With moveable blades?
No, just a razor blade.
Bring them and charge them to my room.
LETITGOXINE
Mom?
Were you asleep?
Look…
You think this girl and I are suitable?
Are you all kidding me?
Are you kidding me?
Do you realize how pretty she is?
You think we're suitable?
Why not?
Alright. Stop doing things
without asking me.
It won't happen. She is too pretty, Mom.
Okay, go to bed. I apologize, sir.
-This is Komodor Hotel, right?
-Yes, sir.
Excuse me.
I'm a single person, you know.
I'll leave in the morning.
How do we do it, man? How much is a room?
A single room is 200 liras.
Right, 200 liras.
Here you go.
Can I get your ID, sir?
Here's what happened.
I came here by coincidence.
I'm coming from another city.
I have a long road ahead.
Please make it work without an ID.
Here.
Take this. You know, it's for you.
But we have a logbook, sir.
Leave me out of it.
You'll be doing me a favor, brother.
But it's too much.
Okay, let's put it here then.
Just a sec.
-Okay, take it.
-Huh?
-Take it all for yourself.
-But it's 600 liras.
-Where are you from, my man?
-From here.
Well…
Can you wear your mask?
It seems to be the new thing.
People are wearing masks in their cars.
But it helped me.
I got released, you know.
They released me because of corona.
I'm so relieved.
Even I can't understand myself.
-Can I remove my mask?
-Sure.
They released you? Who?
I was in prison, you know.
I got released 'cause of corona.
So, just one night?
Yes, one night.
Room 104.
Thanks. You're the best.
You're a good guy.
I try to be. I'm on probation tonight
as the night manager.
Thanks.
I parked my car across the road.
-Your car?
-Yes.
I'll keep an eye on it.
-Thanks for the water.
-You're welcome.
-The room is upstairs?
-Yes, and I'm down here.
-Thanks.
No. No, darling, no.
It's all my fault, I agree.
You guys handled it perfectly,
but I failed.
Yes. Where are you?
I hear some awful music.
Like what you listen to when I'm gone.
Darling, I didn't call
because I didn't want to argue.
Nothing, right. I want nothing.
Nothing.
It's all my fault. My fault.
Darling Dora,
I admit I'm a difficult person.
Okay? Good night.
What? Huh?
No, you…
I didn't call you. You called me.
Please don't call again, okay?
What? I'm nowhere!
Everything has a consequence, right?
For sure.
Sir, the liquor store made me pay in cash.
Could you repay me the 270 liras?
I was thinking about
the awful music, sorry.
-You got the razor blade?
-Yes, sir.
Okay.
Regarding the money…
Can I pay you tomorrow?
Can I be honest?
I made a decision.
I have to express myself correctly.
I believe you'll understand,
but can I tell you what I think?
Go on.
Sir, I'll be really upset
if you don't pay me back the 270 liras.
Please don't take offense.
If I bottle it up,
it will just turn into bad energy for me.
Don't worry.
We will settle it tomorrow, Mr. Metin.
You can call me Ayzek.
Sir, I was a sailor.
So I'm a good judge of character.
Sorry for being direct.
-You're a good judge of character.
-Yes. 270.
I'm on probation tonight,
so I don't wanna worry about it.
Good night.
Is it the Ayzek from The Love Boat?
It is, sir. But the boat is gone now,
and only the love remains.
We are on land now, Mr. Bahtiyar.
Anyone can be a hotshot on land,
but the seas are hard.
The seas make you a man.
It takes balls to be at sea. Excuse me.
I'm a bit direct
because of my past as a sailor.
Again, I apologize.
You made me laugh.
Don't forget the washtub.
You'll shave.
You'll go on a bender
with the beers I bought?
If you screw me over,
I'll screw you over. You weasel.
-There you are! My man.
-Yes, sir?
Can I find anything to eat around here?
You can find some cookies
in the liquor store.
And there, a guy sells chickpeas and rice.
Good, I'll check that out.
Can I bring you some too?
I don't eat this late, sir.
I just eat some almonds and goji berries.
-You do?
-I don't eat acidic foods.
They say the bowels
are the body's second brain.
Fine, I'll look for some offal.
He is a decent human being. A decent man.
He asks if I also wanna eat.
-Welcome, Mr. Captain.
-I'm not a captain.
I'm doing hospitality.
Food and beverage. F&B.
Mate tea?
Thanks.
What are you doing? Drawing?
-Can I see?
-Sure.
I see. So it's like children's drawings?
I'm just drawing away.
-To pass the time?
-No, I have an exam coming up.
A community center class?
-Higher education. Mimar Sinan.
-Oh, Mimar… In Fındıklı.
-Universities are hard.
-I'm just studying to hopefully enter.
-What are you listening to?
-Aşkın Nur Yengi.
Oh, right.
Aşkın Nur Yengi.
Her older sister lived in Kızıltoprak.
She was doing… I remember, look.
Anyway, I shouldn't distract you.
Draw me sometime.
Do you do it by looking or from memory?
I mean, you can do both.
-Do you have something like a washtub?
-I have a washtub.
Good. Mr. Bahtiyar asked for one.
I'll take it upstairs.
Draw me sometime. From memory.
I have so much ironing to do…
I'm just kidding. I saw a rat pass by.
-Where?
-It went that way.
We have rats everywhere.
They are back again.
I'm off.
You're very pretty.
Those who think we are a match are insane.
I'm serious, not kidding.
I agree.
-Are you serious or kidding?
-I really think they are insane.
I have so many other jokes.
Thanks, good night.
-Man! What can you do for me tonight?
-Go away. Don't piss me off.
Alright, no problem.
Don't worry, no problem.
Hey, fuck off!
-I parked my car in front of the hotel.
-I'm here. It's safe.
I'll eat over here.
Do you have any drinks?
-What would you like?
-Ayran, soda… Give me anything.
Metin! Come here, Metin!
-God! Sir!
-Damn it!
-What did you do?
-I cut myself, but I couldn't do it right!
-Sit down. Press on it!
-Ambulance!
Don't call the police. It's embarrassing.
-How did you do it?
-Razor blade.
You made me buy it!
-Are you lightheaded?
-No.
-He had beer.
-Is it bad?
No. Love, bring a sheet or something.
I wanted to die, but it's hard.
It's not easy!
Okay, calm down.
How could you do such a thing?
-Did the bleeding stop?
-It will. You didn't cut deep.
-Do we need to call the police?
-No.
I'm the night manager.
They'll involve me too.
Tilt your head back.
Press on it, Metin.
-Come, darling. Bring it.
-Come on.
Bring it. Thanks.
Press on it.
-Suhal, what happened to your foot?
-What about it?
Don't make a fist.
I have to go. I left the iron on.
-I couldn't do it. I bled everywhere.
-I'm tying it. Almost done.
I'm sorry about it, guys.
There. Are you okay?
I'm not.
Should we call an ambulance?
No, no need.
It shouldn't get infected.
Whenever you are stuck in a dark thought,
which is what we call
"negative frequency,"
imagine yourself
running freely in a pasture.
And whisper this to yourself three times,
"I'm valuable."
We all consider ourselves valuable. Right.
Can you get him some bandages
and iodine tincture from the pharmacy?
Okay.
Are you in shock?
Do you get sick when you see blood?
No.
Have you ever run in a pasture?
I spent my entire childhood
running in pastures, you know.
It makes a huge difference, right?
Sure.
Go buy some stuff, and I'll wait with him.
Okay.
Um…
-Good evening.
PHARMACY
Could you wait there for just a second?
I'm coming.
-Let me close this.
-Um…
Sorry, um…
Before you close, could you give me
some iodine tincture
and bandages for cuts?
I'm not closing. I'm the night pharmacist.
Show me your cut.
Are you from the hotel?
Yes, I'm the night manager, but…
There is no emergency.
It's for precaution.
For the medicine box?
Okay, then I can give you…
I'll give you hydrogen peroxide.
It's nothing serious.
It's just an antiseptic.
Oh, okay then.
I'm adding iodine tincture and bandages.
What else?
-Cotton balls.
-Cotton balls, right.
I'm Metin. I used to work on ships.
It's okay. I'll charge the hotel.
No need.
I'm the night manager.
I'll take care of the bill. How much?
Ninety liras.
Ninety.
What's your name?
Saniye.
My nickname is Ayzek.
From The Love Boat. Maybe you've seen it.
You are an actor?
I haven't seen you in anything.
I'll be out soon. Wait for me.
Um…
Because it's like a prison visit.
I'm kidding.
See you!
Have a good one.
We are both on night duty.
Saniye.
Saniye would be a better match for me.
There is blood on the sheets
and on the carpet near the bed.
Listen, Suhal…
I didn't know about it. Sorry.
Is that so? Really?
Too bad.
I'm sick of everyone having an opinion.
Is there no one with no opinions?
We can cry and feel sad together.
Or we can let go and sing songs.
But no! Everyone has an opinion,
and they think it's amazing!
I don't understand
how people know so much.
Everyone holds the key and is looking for,
excuse my language, a hole to shove it in.
Sir, please don't gesture with your hand.
Gesture?
Don't move it.
Cherry juice. Increases blood production.
It can't increase blood production.
Enough, for God's sake.
I'm sorry, Mr. Davut.
This whole thing is ridiculous.
It's okay.
Sir, I'm sorry,
but such things happen to me as well.
Our lives are similar. We're human.
In those moments when life gets hard,
I say to myself,
"Don't worry about it, Ayzek."
"So what? You'll deal with it.
What's there to do? Never mind."
So, I take care of it in my head.
I think you should also give
the real Bahtiyar inside you a chance.
What are you doing?
Checking if it is wallpaper. It's paint.
In short, listen to yourself, sir.
Agree with yourself. In your brain.
What did I just tell you?
Alright, but it's not just my opinion.
Are you on Instagram?
Do you know the account PeriWords?
It's in her videos. Take a look.
A joyful morning to you, friends.
Hello to the sun, the trees,
the birds, the bugs, and the blue sky.
We'll do something different today.
Turn it off, please.
I'm not in the mood for it.
It's unbelievable.
What's this nonsense, for God's sake?
What's "Hello to the blue sky," Metin?
What, are we in Eurovision?
Right, think about how Gökhan
from the band Athena was wronged.
Yet, he didn't give up.
And today,
he is still Gökhan from Athena, right?
Without affirmations…
Think about where Gökhan from Athena is
as opposed to some of our old artists.
Look, there are
thousands of stupid videos like this.
Please don't watch them. They poison you.
We have more doctors than patients.
Everyone is a therapist.
Sir, is this your phone ringing?
Dora is calling.
Put it down.
That phone doesn't concern you.
Sir.
Look.
Your phone looks pristine.
And look at mine.
It's a simple equation.
Why would someone
with a pristine phone want to die?
No response, right?
Metin, could you find me a rope?
Mr. Bahtiyar, I'll bring you
some of my wonderful mate tea.
You'll drink it and sleep like a baby.
And you'll remember what in the morning?
To say hi to the blue sky?
No, to pay my 270 liras, alright?
Look, I'm 50 years old,
and my weekly pay is 1,500 liras.
And Mr. Davut will be mad.
So, please.
Nobody can abandon ship
when I'm on duty, alright?
Metin, come.
I have something important to ask you.
At your service, sir.
Look, I'll pay you to choke me to death.
Please end it, Metin.
Mr. Bahtiyar,
I swear I'll call the police.
I'll bring you
your mate tea to drink, alright?
-What happened? What did he say?
-Well…
He can't think clearly.
But I gave him a good talking-to.
He calmed down, and now he'll sleep.
Metin, don't call the police.
I'm here, anyway.
Fuck him. Just let him sleep.
These people think dying is like fainting.
Okay, don't call the police.
Take this. Put it in your pocket.
-I'll be around too.
-Alright. Is he drunk?
He got six beers but only drank about two.
-Take the rest from his room.
-Huh?
-Take them from his room.
-I'll return them to the liquor store.
-He shouldn't drink.
-Okay.
-Go on.
-Alright.
What are you doing?
-What's up?
-You were just here.
I wanted to exchange these for cold ones,
but the store is closed.
-Are you drinking Coke?
-Would you like some?
No, Coke is acidic.
I'm on a diet where I only eat
six almonds and nothing else after 8:00.
Good luck with that.
-Give me a song.
-What?
-Give me a song to play.
-I should go to work.
Do you remember the movie
where the guy visits his older brother
in the pharmacy warehouse?
-We're like that.
-With Mazhar Alanson!
His brother comes
and asks if he'd like some ice cream.
-Goodbye.
What's up, baby? Sorry.
Saniye?
The pharmacist lady.
I got gauze bandages and stuff.
What happened to Mr. Bahtiyar?
He was far gone. But I gave him
some advice, and he is better.
-You gave Mr. Bahtiyar some advice?
-Can't I?
-Wow, that's something.
-What do you mean?
Do you know
that Mr. Bahtiyar teaches literature?
Really? So I should have done what?
Read him a poem?
He is a professor, Mr. Ayzek.
You wanna compare me and him?
I checked out The Love Boat.
Why call yourself Ayzek? He is Black.
Think about it.
He is in a bad place.
He quits teaching, starts to make music.
Then corona hits,
and he struggles hard for two years.
I think he also has family issues.
I saw him here a few times.
What did you watch?
The Love Boat is nothing like that.
I'm talking about Mr. Bahtiyar.
It seems the pandemic has affected him.
The divorce rate increased during it.
Nobody has money.
-He offered me money.
-Who?
Bahtiyar.
For what?
He said, "I'll pay you
this much money to kill me."
-Stop joking.
-I'm serious.
Don't say things like that
to look interesting.
It's true.
How much did he offer?
Not a huge amount.
He owes me 270 liras too.
And I couldn't return the beers.
Such high figures!
-Anyway, don't kill him.
-Do I look like I would?
Absolutely.
Have you seen Joker?
-No. Is that a compliment?
-No.
Why did you smile, then?
I said, "You look like you would,"
and smiled.
Really?
That's fine, pretty girl.
Works for me. It's okay if you think so.
Don't forget to draw me.
Draw my profile to hide my baldness.
God…
Everyone is looking for an adventure.
She says I could kill him!
It's okay if you think so.
Ma'am!
-Hey, what is going on?
-What are you doing?
-Ma'am, open the door!
-Hey!
-I'm calling the police.
-Give me medicine!
-What is going on?
-Ms. Saniye!
-Give me just one!
-I called the police. Leave.
-Get down!
-Fuck off!
-Hey, get down!
-Look.
-We are all neighbors!
-Stay out of it, Ayzek.
What are you doing? Move!
-Go inside.
-Don't talk to him!
-You got a problem?
-Who are you?
-It's a fucking massacre!
-Leave!
-No, please.
He'll shout a bit and leave.
He is an addict.
Wait. Go in and lock the door.
-The police are on the way.
-Okay.
-You got a problem?
-Who are you?
Ayzek!
Come here. Talk to me.
-Suhal, go inside.
-Come here!
Go in. Lock the door.
-Tell me your problem.
-The fucking antichrist is here.
-Piss off!
-Please!
-It's okay.
-Ayzek!
Stay away from him!
Suhal, get inside!
Suhal, get inside my heart!
Boy, you're pissing me off!
What did you say?
I'll slap the hell out of you!
-Mr. Metin!
-It's okay.
-He is insane.
-What is happening?
They are about to fight.
-Suhal! Get inside my heart!
-Go away!
It's fine. Come inside.
Suhal, get inside!
Boy, what did you say?
-Break my teeth!
-What? Go away. Don't come here.
They are here.
You can't stop a bad guy.
-I'll fuck you up.
-Hey!
He stabbed him. Off he goes.
-I told you to stay away.
-It's fine.
Are you okay?
It's fine!
I warned you. Why did you talk to him?
-What happened?
-It's fine.
-Çarli stabbed him.
-Are you okay? Let's go to the hospital.
No, it's fine.
I'm the night manager there.
He was bothering the lady, so I wanted to…
-Çarli? We'll arrest him.
-Thanks.
I didn't really do anything.
-Let's check it inside.
-Let's go.
You don't need to come.
-God, he stabbed me out of nowhere.
-Ayzek?
I knew it would happen.
-Let's go to the hospital.
-Ms. Saniye will take care of it.
Go to the hotel. I'll take care of it.
She will.
-God…
-Go on.
-They are animals.
Where did he have the knife?
It's a deep wound.
Go in and take off your pants. I'm coming.
My pants…
And I just bought cotton balls
and iodine tincture from you!
Go in. I'm coming.
You think it's necessary?
-Lie down, take off your pants.
-Well…
-Let me see.
-Good God…
If you don't mind…
Your undies too.
There is a lot of blood.
I'll clean it now, okay?
I didn't even feel it.
Don't worry, you don't need stitches.
It's fine.
-See, it's fine.
-Okay.
All good.
I'm on probation too.
Can I get dressed?
Nice butt.
Ms. Saniye, I'm 50 years old.
It looks 40. Do you work out?
No, I just do a little boxing
and stretching.
Let me apply this.
Oh! This is my song!
-Well…
-I love it! God!
Can I get dressed?
Funda, you are the bomb, girl!
-Here you go.
-But…
Drink it.
Enjoy.
Just one second, and I'll be done.
I mean… You put gin in it.
I'm almost done.
It's all good, don't worry.
-Can I get dressed?
-Alright.
Okay.
Okay, there are some wet wipes there.
Do you own the pharmacy?
Yes, but I'm leaving in three months.
Terrible neighborhood.
They are all terrible.
And those immigrants…
Yes?
Nothing. I just said, "Immigrants,"
and did this.
Oh. Anyway, let's clink glasses.
Go on. What show are you on?
I'm not on it.
My name is from an old show. Ayzek.
Oh, I thought you were an actor!
Everyone's on a show these days.
You need a casting agency for that.
I… I just love the sea.
I work on ships as a captain.
What about the hotel?
We're just trying it today.
An acquaintance put us in contact.
They think I can run it.
We'll try and see.
You made me drink gin.
Enjoy.
I only eat alkaline foods.
Oh? So you know about alkalis, huh?
Sure. I'm following PeriWords
on Instagram.
Alkalis. Food intolerance.
Intermittent fasting. Outside of Ramadan.
And heavy metals.
But heavy metals entered my body
when I got stabbed. Broke the diet.
Look at you!
My teeth will be fixed soon.
It's unbearable otherwise.
-My teeth?
-This work! Let's clink glasses.
To the hero of the night.
I shouldn't drink. I have to work.
Stay until the song ends, okay?
It's a duet, right? It is two people.
It is two people.
-See you, Saniye. Kisses.
-See you. Take care.
-Why are you here?
-I just am.
-Are you okay?
-I'm okay.
Good God…
You can lean on me.
-Can you use your leg?
-I can.
-Did he stab your leg?
-No, above my leg.
It will be fine.
He is always around here.
-What happened? Get well soon.
-You won't believe it.
I'm fine.
I didn't even say anything to him.
-I mean…
-Careful.
-Get well soon. Is it bad?
-No, it's fine.
It's okay. It's just some drug addict.
He would screw his parents over
for a pill.
The lady was alone.
I slapped him, and he stabbed me. See?
-Yes. I'll get you spare pants.
-It's fine.
It's nothing.
Consider it your lucky charm.
This is nothing. Nothing at all!
I came to you,
but she closed the shutters in my face.
What was there to do? Stop it now.
-Let's get your spares.
-Look at the size of the hole.
Let's go.
I'll change and come back.
All this on my probation day!
Give me the pants.
-Can I take them off here?
-Okay.
All this in the middle of the night.
-Sorry.
-Here.
God…
It's a huge hole.
Ms. Saniye said
there is no need for stitches.
She should mind her own business.
They are ripped. They do need stitches.
-Take off your underwear too.
-Yeah, they are really bad.
Wait, I have three pairs
that guests left behind.
-And wear someone else's underwear?
-They are washed and clean.
How do people leave
their underwear behind? I don't get it.
I'll wear them inside out.
I'll wash them for you. Take them off.
I can't make you wash my underwear.
What is going on?
Enough, for God's sake.
Jeez…
Everybody wants me
to take my undies off today.
It's probation day!
What is it, Mr. Bahtiyar?
What are you up to now?
I heard a fight. Is everything okay?
It is. Just some thugs.
What, are you leaving?
I'd like a word in private, Metin.
-Let's sit and talk for a bit.
-I can't sit, but okay.
Let's go.
So?
Yes. I thought about what you said.
-Look, we are strangers after all.
-Yes.
Us being strangers is an advantage.
We can tell each other
what we can't tell our closest loved ones.
Where are you going with this?
-I'd like to make a proper offer.
-Go ahead.
Look.
This saxophone is worth
8,000 to 10,000 dollars.
It has a great mechanism.
Even the wind can play it.
Wow.
This is my offer.
This instrument is my life,
my closest friend.
-It belongs to your closest friend?
-No, it is my closest friend.
You're offering 8,000 to 10,000 dollars?
And you want me to do
what you asked before?
Please.
I could sell it in Tünel.
Or do you think I'll try to play it,
fail, and then go sell it?
Please make sure a worthy person buys it.
Sure, I'll research him first.
I'll even keep tabs on the guy.
I want your phone too.
It's better for me in this mission.
Okay.
-Go on.
-Let me bring it from my room.
Wait.
I'll take care of your problem,
but don't tell anyone.
I'll set the place and time, okay?
Don't act out or harm yourself, okay?
Okay.
-What's this?
-A failed attempt.
You're paying for the lamp.
Give me your phone.
-You want the case?
-Nah, keep it.
Yes. Let's leave the room.
It's too depressing.
We'll play by my rules now, okay?
-Give me your word.
-Okay.
I can't hear you.
-You have my Peri word.
-Okay.
Look.
Suhal is clever.
She must not figure it out, okay?
You can't give up now.
I won't give your instrument
and phone back, okay?
-But I'll forget the 270 liras.
-Okay.
Okay? What's your passcode?
1991. The year when Stan Getz died.
And when I took my captain's exam.
So I won't forget it.
-Are you on Instagram?
-Kind of.
-Is this you?
-Yes.
Fourteen thousand followers.
And you wanna die.
Shame on you. I only have 14.
Okay. I'll take care of everything.
Let's go.
Hello, Suhal.
Are you okay, Mr. Bahtiyar? Take a seat.
I'm so embarrassed, Suhal. I'm so sorry.
It's sad.
I haven't seen you like this before.
No, he is fine. He is all good.
You guys keep chatting, okay?
I have some work upstairs.
There is a rat upstairs.
Do you have rat poison here?
It's up there. In the back.
You drew these? They are lovely, congrats.
Thank you.
She draws them.
She makes them up in her head.
I just draw away.
I'll make some tea now.
Let's sit down and rest.
I got stabbed today
and still haven't sat down.
Ms. Saniye told me to rest too.
She is an alcoholic.
Is it right to label people?
She doesn't care what others say.
We are alike.
It's okay if she doesn't care.
She's still an alcoholic.
Tell Mr. Bahtiyar about it.
He is the professor.
They are all crazy, I swear.
I'm handling all of them.
What's up with this crowd?
But it's a crowd.
I'm a person. So I'm good.
Everybody has a problem with somebody.
They'd fight each other if I let them.
Let's plan everything.
MICKEY-X - RODENT KILLER
Excuse me.
What are you doing?
-You scared me.
-Water, please.
We…
We are chatting with Mr. Bahtiyar
in the laundry room.
Join us if you want.
He is a lot better now. Calmer.
-Sure, fine.
-We're chatting.
Alright.
Let's drink our tea.
We felt sad. We felt emotional.
We met at a weird time.
It'll enter your blood stream
in 20 minutes. Let's talk a bit.
Yes, alright.
Come, sit down.
So, tell us.
I don't want to trouble you
with my problems.
But you were so cheerful
the other day, Mr. Bahtiyar.
We listened to you play on the terrace.
Dear, I think I lost
a bit of hope in life.
I'm ashamed to say it in front of you…
Why, sir? Do we look even more hopeless?
Good catch, Suhal. He is projecting now.
Let me ask.
Does hope sustain the poor?
Or maybe we can ask,
do the rich also need hope?
So, I'm rich? Weird.
I don't get it, sorry. Say it again.
Just talk to pass the time.
What is hope?
I don't really like those set notions.
For example, they say,
"Hope sustains the poor."
It sounds meaningful and powerful
when you say it like that.
But these are heavy concepts.
It would take hours
to look deeply into them all.
Just sum it up in 20 minutes.
I don't really like talking
as if I'm an expert.
But in life, not every kind of hardship
comes with hope on the side.
Anyhow… I quit fighting anyway.
It appears that I did.
I'm waiting to see what happens.
How about this. Knowledge or intuition?
I'm not really a good example. Your…
Wait, what is happening to my voice?
Sorry.
What did you say? Intuition?
Or knowledge?
Dear Metin,
you put me in a tough position.
Can't we discuss it at a better time?
These are hard questions.
Can't we talk about everyday stuff?
So you're saying
you'd die before you discussed
these matters with people like us.
Please, that's not what I meant.
That's not it at all.
So, every day is not a new hope?
Fine. It is.
Sorry, I get a little angry.
I get it. You think
mine is a charmed existence.
But once we acknowledge our troubles,
we need to come to a meaningful analysis.
I understand you, sir.
Really? I'd like to be understood too.
I think you'd actually like to be loved.
No.
Isn't it better to understand?
No. To be understood.
What does it mean to be understood?
Are you a physics question, dear Ayzek?
Please. People want to be loved.
Mr. Davut, I have a question.
To be loved or to be understood?
To love, I think.
Mr. Davut has
a completely different approach.
Please, take a seat, my friend.
But Mr. Davut is already…
Already what?
To be loved is passive,
so he might be avoiding it.
Sorry, that's not the topic.
-He just said, "To love."
-I'm a bit confused, sorry.
Between being loved and loving,
I choose loving, you know.
Loving madly.
Sure, it has to be madly. Anyway.
-Are you making fun of me?
-No, never.
No.
-It's just my head…
-No, I mean…
I don't have a bad opinion of you.
He just said, "To love."
It's not bad. What?
You know, is it wrong to say, "To love"?
-I don't get it.
-No, sir.
What is it?
Rat poison. You gave him rat poison.
Who do you think I am?
He is dying,
and we're drinking tea with him?
Pretty girl.
Letitgoxine, six milligrams.
It's my prescribed pill.
I gave him one.
He'll be mellow in 20 minutes.
And I took his phone.
We'll call his friends to come get him.
-I can't deal with him all night.
-Okay, good idea.
You just wait.
I'll have him dancing in no time.
It's my prescribed pill.
You're on pills?
I am. I take one in the morning,
one at night.
-What's wrong?
-I had two pills here.
But there is none left.
Wait a minute.
It's prescribed. My prescription
was in the pocket of my pants.
-I washed them.
-What do you mean?
But the pockets were empty.
Wait a minute.
I took the bloody prescription
out of my pocket.
I put it down on the reception desk.
-It's not a big deal, but…
-Well…
I thought I had two pills
when I left the house.
But I guess I left one
on the kitchen counter.
-I thought I had two, but there is none.
-You need it? Didn't you take one today?
I need to take another one,
but I have a prescription.
I'm not that addicted.
You think I'm a pill popper, girl?
No, I just thought I had it with me.
-You seem concerned.
-No.
I just take an extra one with me
when I leave the house.
I checked my coat. It's not there.
But at least Ms. Saniye knows me, so…
Oh, good.
I have a prescription,
but it's covered in blood.
But she is on night duty.
Don't worry about it.
Goji berry?
It's good for everything.
-Someone is calling.
-I can't answer now.
What is this? It's sour.
It's an antioxidant.
Anyway. At least, she is on night duty.
She is on night duty, so don't…
Don't worry. Let's not worry.
Let's…
Once he falls asleep…
We never had a chance to talk.
Let's talk about us.
Huh?
Go downstairs. I'll bring us tea.
Let me take this with me.
It's covered in blood.
It's illegible.
Completely illegible.
I mean, they're all emotions, you know.
As far as I understand, of course.
Look, you can't just say,
"They are all emotions"
and leave it there without delving deeper.
When it comes back to you as a problem…
You'll say, "What is a problem?"
Life itself?
Loving madly.
Loving madly is a real thing, right?
I mean, Davut, my friend,
loving like they do in poems and novels.
By the way, he is a literature professor.
You know, loving to death.
That exists.
Loving like they do in poems and songs.
You know how words become meaningless?
That's where I am at right now.
I get it.
You want something powerful, right?
Like a rock, but not a rock,
because it has an organic aspect.
It should be more like cement.
Okay? Like sand, stone, pebble…
It should be a heavy block. Bam! Boom!
We should say something heavy
and respectable. Oh, wow!
What novel are you talking about?
But there are novelized lives.
Yes, but what do you get from them?
Okay, novels and poems have themes.
I get it. But what do you get from them?
I'm talking about what happens
when you are the subject.
Where are you from, Professor?
-He asked where you are from.
-He did!
I haven't heard that one in years!
He is asking where…
-But he said nothing…
-But how… I'm from Suadiye.
He is from Suadiye.
I mean, please…
It's okay to ask.
Is this what you are saying,
Davut, my friend?
Sometimes, we write our lives
as if we were novelists.
Novelists, my ass. You can't write life.
You can only be subjects.
Excuse my cussing, dear Suhal.
-Look.
-Let's… Come.
Floyd Barclay says the following.
He says, "As I'm dying,
I'm only leaving my dignity behind."
Who am I talking to?
Sorry, alright.
I feel like my chest is expanding, Metin.
-Is it happening?
-Sure…
Loving to death exists, you know.
-It exists, fine. It exists.
-It does.
-Was it Floyd Barclay?
-Yeah.
I'll Google him,
because I like to learn new things.
How about going to bed now, sir?
Let's go to your room.
-I'll read a book to feel better.
-Sure, this was enough.
He said nothing, Davut.
He chose loving too.
-Have a good one.
-Alright.
Good night.
I'll make your bed, Mr. Bahtiyar.
-We'll go, come on.
-Shall we…
Your drawings are lovely.
You are a great talent.
MY LOVE
"My love" is calling.
-My head feels like plastic, Metin.
-Yeah? Mine too.
I didn't die, Metin. What do you think?
You? You will never die, good sir.
Let's go.
You will never die.
I imagine a big, blue ball in my hands.
What do I do with it?
My old Peri friends will know
the answer right away.
Turn it off, damn it. It's horrible.
What is a blue ball, for God's sake?
Please don't watch
that ridiculous stuff, Metin.
Don't do it to yourself.
Jeez…
Look, Davut talks through his hat.
He spoke for ten minutes.
He didn't form a single sentence
without "you know."
He kept saying "you know."
"You know this. You know that."
I couldn't help but ask,
"What do I know, sir?"
It didn't register.
What do you want him to say?
Should he say, "I know"?
He says, "You know."
He's including others.
I can't believe how positive you are.
Sometimes, you stir up even me.
I wanna grab you by the ears
and pour all my knowledge into your head,
but I'm tired.
Metin.
Davut is a menace.
Sir, tell me something.
You think Suhal suits me?
-Honestly?
-Yeah.
No.
-Because she is an artist? Right.
-Anyway…
Hello, Bahtiyar? Are you there? Hello--
"Ms. Dora,
we are in the Komodor Hotel."
"Mr. Bahtiyar is sleeping right now."
"Metin."
I shouldn't sign my name.
"Çetin."
I shouldn't sign any names.
"Goddamn you"?
What did I say?
Did he go to sleep?
The asshole is making fun of us.
These men are like kids.
Don't take them seriously.
You are dripping with sweat.
What happened?
I'm just working, my friend.
Good.
Is the lady downstairs your…?
I'm sorry, but are you two…?
Our parents stepped in
and had a talk about marrying us.
But I didn't want to, and she got hurt.
Marry her out of compassion.
I don't think so.
I mean, considering everything…
Fine. I'll go to bed.
I should be up around 7:00 or 7:30.
Go on and sleep.
You know, she works nights so she must…
If you mean it'll make the family stronger
because I also work nights, I agree.
Take it. You ate nothing all night.
Get yourself food. Here.
Davut, my friend, you know what I do
when something is wrong?
Bang bang.
Always.
Good morning. I'm Peri. Who are you?
We meet again on our journey
to find ourselves. Shall we begin?
Lately, I'm tired
of hearing the following.
"How do I make them happy?"
I don't know. Maybe it's too deep.
But you know what I do?
I take a deep breath.
And I say,
"I'm not pizza."
It sounds weird at first.
But don't try to please everyone.
Why?
Yes, why shouldn't
I try to please everyone?
It's a simple question.
Why?
Why shouldn't I try to please everyone?
Suhal.
A lot happened, and we didn't get to talk.
I misunderstood some stuff.
You misunderstood some stuff.
Metin, my friend…
"My friend"?
Okay, call me your friend. Fine.
If I'm projecting as a friend to you,
call me your friend.
Metin, my friend, our parents
took it upon themselves to discuss it.
I actually moved out a year ago.
They said you were our neighbor.
And you could work at the hotel
and talk to me.
And you started working here. That's it.
They said you had been home for two years,
you needed it, and your mom cried a lot.
They gave you a sob story.
Alright, but it's a really toxic approach.
They think so
because it's outside of their mentality.
I didn't pity you. I'm also…
We come from the same place.
Life is difficult.
Okay, what you are doing now
is called "zoning."
You're pulling me to your zone.
You're empathizing with me.
There was a video about it.
-Okay, fine.
-I mean…
We can't figure everything out
in one night.
Marriage? I gave my mom
a piece of my mind about it.
She was just being a mom.
So we will just say…
"Our moms brought us into this world."
And we will just accept how they are.
It was mentioned in root therapy.
No need to go there. Never mind.
I mean…
It hurt that you pitied me.
Wow. Pity…
I mean…
I called my mom.
I said, "Suhal is a beautiful girl."
Don't get me wrong.
I said, "She is beautiful.
She deserves beautiful things."
"We may not be suitable."
I said…
I figured if I did something,
you could maybe form the notion
that I didn't like you.
So I decided to give off the energy
that I liked you.
Then…
Then, I was a little short
with you because…
I was being intuitive. I mean…
You gave me some information now.
I'm turning my intuition
into information and saying…
I mean… You deserve beautiful things.
In terms of our adapting… I get it.
As a result… I mean…
I understand your struggle. Truly.
After all, you are a young woman
trying to stand on her own two feet.
Sorry.
I apologize.
-It was in the video.
-What freaking video?
Dumbass!
Fuck off!
Well…
Um…
You know PeriWords?
On Instagram… Videos…
NO SMOKING!
Wanna watch a video?
Really? Interesting.
Don't play it too loud.
Don't play it through here.
But you need to hear it.
When I come home,
I feel like I'm in my castle.
A castle of cotton, of course.
I don't know how I came up with that name.
Okay, people always ask me
the following question.
"Who is my soulmate?"
This girl had her face done.
She got surgeries.
It's not about that.
I'm looking for the self-help stuff.
This is what I do these days.
It's 4:00 a.m. Stop it, for God's sake.
I keep picking the songs.
You pick one now.
But keep going with slow songs.
I typed in "saxophone."
Saxophone.
I don't like blowing it.
I do it only when I'm in love.
-Come here. Come on.
-Well…
Come here.
Well, I need to take my meds.
Alright, if you take it now,
it will take 20 minutes to work.
No, I mean… Letitgoxine, six milligrams.
That's really strong, man.
Well, can you give me one?
My love.
-Do you have a prescription?
-No.
I don't like it when people are
more cunning than me. Don't make me mad.
No, I took one in the morning.
I need to take another at night.
I wouldn't give you an addictive pill
even if you fucked me.
-So…
-So, no.
Oh. You won't give it, right.
Jeez!
You think you can fuck me over
because I'm drunk?
Who do you prefer, Ajda or Sezen?
-In what regard?
-Shut it! Who shall we listen to?
You were a lovely lady.
I just wanted one pill.
We're neighbors!
Now you sound like a shopkeeper.
Look, I'm not pizza.
I can't please everyone!
Don't make me mad.
I just need a pill. Why can't you give it?
I'm on probation here.
My hands will start to shake.
What if I break something? Just one pill!
-Okay!
-Why can't you give it?
Calm down. I will. Get out.
-You will?
-Get out. I will.
-Give me just one.
-I will. Just get out.
-Okay. You will?
-Promise. Get out. Careful.
-Don't close it.
-Okay.
-You will?
-Promise.
-I will. Let's close it.
-Okay.
Look, I'm even more of a devil
than you are.
Fuck off! You bastard.
Pill-popping asshole!
You're the pill popper!
The doctor gave me the pill, okay?
I'm trying to get better.
You have all the pills!
You drunk!
You drink like a fish!
It was just one pill…
You're the pill lady!
Okay. Ajda or Sezen?
Sezen. Please open up.
Good evening, Mr. Çetin.
Yes, ma'am. I'm Çetin.
Welcome aboard. How may I help you?
How is it going, I wonder?
Is everything okay?
Yes. Look, I'm eating almonds.
-Shall we?
-After you.
Everyone's complaining about you.
It's the service industry, ma'am.
It's hard to deal with people.
Come join our industry.
Don't you also deal with people?
No.
After you, ma'am.
-What do you have for food?
-What would you like?
A quinoa salad with a slice of avocado.
And some juice with it, maybe?
Papaya, please. Reduces inflammation.
Right away.
Ms. Peri, I'm glad you are here.
I need to serve you.
Our other guests are worthless.
Go on.
Okay.
A quinoa salad with avocado slices on top.
What the hell?
We're all eating rice, honey.
Hurry up! The guest is waiting!
What is he talking about?
Beautiful.
I eat this stuff too. Look at my skin.
Skincare is important.
Ms. Peri, you always say in your videos,
"Imagine it, and it will happen."
Do you think it's not happening for me
because I'm in my comfort zone?
What's a comfort zone, for God's sake?
What do I always say in my videos?
"Don't play it safe.
Be open to adventure."
Who will collect garbage in the morning
if everyone goes on an adventure?
What garbage?
I was just wondering.
Thanks, you can take it away.
We promise you
the comfort of your mother's womb.
-Oh?
-Sure.
Or the freedom that makes you feel
as if you're flying on the other side.
But I need the part
between those two points.
I see.
But I'm not a small baby.
And I'm not dead.
Weird…
Come on in.
I came to check on you.
I'm checking on me too. Take a seat.
Guess who came to the hotel. Peri Sönmez.
We're doing a one-on-one session.
You'll all see when we finish.
Do you know what your dilemma is?
People who can advise you
don't have the time.
People who have the time to advise you
don't have the brains.
-Who are you quoting?
-Myself, dear. Feel free to use it.
I'll Google
if this is a quote from someone.
Ms. Peri always says,
"Imagine it, and it will happen."
You can't have a feast
without working for it.
What feast?
She just asked for an avocado salad.
Don't slander her.
Look, does this make a sound
if you don't blow into it?
So? What do you mean?
I mean, do you remember the saying,
"If you're the smartest person
in the room, you are in the wrong room"?
Cut to the chase. I know what you mean.
I'm leaving this room immediately.
You clearly don't have time, okay?
You really thought I'd kill you
for 8,000 to 10,000 dollars?
You should apologize.
You're right.
I told you that Floyd Barclay quote.
"As I'm dying,
I'm only leaving my dignity behind."
I guess I left my dignity behind
at that moment.
Sorry. I'm okay now, don't worry.
You're okay? I'm not!
Do not disturb me again!
What is he talking about?
Do not disturb me. You're disturbing me.
"You…" "Loving you…"
"You…" "Loving me…"
"Love…"
LOVING ME…
"You…"
I don't like it when people do a favor
and expect something in return.
Understood? Okay? Take the pants.
I don't want you around me!
My appearance means
nothing to me right now, okay?
I don't care what people say!
Do not disturb me!
You did the right thing.
People should know their place.
She still gave me the cold shoulder.
So what? It's a noble kind of loneliness.
Right, I don't need anyone.
Saniye! Open the door! Open it!
You alcoholic!
You nasty woman! You alcoholic!
It all started great!
You ruined everything!
Open up!
Give me my medicine!
I told you to open it!
Open up!
Give me medicine!
You ruined everything!
Open it!
I'm begging you! Please open it!
I'm begging you, please.
Please open up.
Just one.
Only one.
Fine. I'll open it.
I'll give you your medicine.
On one condition, though.
I'll do whatever you want.
Promise.
What's going on?
Nothing.
What's up?
I was a sailor, sir.
We'll land safe and sound.
I got this.
Asshole.
Could you pass me the saxophone, sir?
Could you?
I've been very kind and loving
to both of you.
But I can't see any progress
in our relationships, okay?
Only Mr. Davut is as good as ever.
Go on, play music and dance
like I'm not here.
-What's wrong? You're drenched in sweat.
-Really, Professor?
"Everyone is a therapist.
Everyone has an opinion."
I wonder who said that.
What's this?
Young people like it. Can you play it?
Please…
Can you?
Go on.
Okay. This will be a story
and also on your feed.
Look, I can adapt. Can you two?
-You're scoffing, right?
-Please. We had a laugh.
You're all happy
thanks to my kindness, get it?
I'm carrying your burden.
I'm doing everyone's work.
Including Saniye!
What do I get in return? Nothing.
Didn't you take your pill?
"Did you take your pill?"
I think you took your pill!
Did you know this lady slapped me?
Did you ever slap this gentleman?
Who am I even talking to?
"Imagine, my love.
Imagine a jailer, jealous of the jailed."
"It is all so very tragic."
"They are jealous of us.
And they will be jealous."
"Because it's hard to live history
as a proper human being."
Edip Cansever.
I'll find the best quote ever
on the internet!
Okay? I'll find the best one.
Look.
"Life lasts a day,
and that day is today." Can Yücel.
-He never said that.
-Really?
You're a professor,
but you're ignorant about the internet.
The internet is full of these.
He has no idea!
I'll defeat you, my man. I swear.
Don't play with me. I'll defeat you.
You are dead to me, okay?
I'm just trying to teach Suhal
more about life.
You don't care about that.
You even said, "I'm not a good example."
Shut up then.
Suhal, you have dreams, right?
Are these your dreams?
Let me see.
You haven't progressed at all. Is that it?
Like, is this a woman? What is it? What?
They look amateurish.
Is this how you get into university?
If this is the state of our schools,
it's worrying. Which is true.
What's wrong with her drawing?
It's naïve and consistent.
Oh, yeah!
Look, Van Gogh's brother told him
that his paintings looked quickly drawn.
And?
And he said,
"Because you take a quick look at them."
Holy crap!
Look at Van Gogh!
He was quick on his feet.
He had a quip for his older brother.
Don't you have a statement of your own?
"Van Gogh said this. Doystoy said that."
It's just gossip, huh?
"Have you read this book? And this poem?"
You keep dropping names.
-"The books I read can fill this room."
-I never said that.
Yeah? And I grew up in a book-sized room.
-You're just seeking manifestos.
-Yeah?
I gave you information.
You rejected that too.
Who am I even talking to?
You know who you are? It's right here.
"You are a vile man."
Not my words, by the way.
Ayzek, enough.
Ayzek? See, it says Çetin.
Read it if you are literate.
You show off to her,
but when it comes to me…
If you wanted to be understood,
you'd try to explain.
-Don't argue with stupid people…
-Yes, that's an internet quote too!
"Don't argue with stupid people.
They will drag you down to their level…"
Why don't you take me to your level?
Pull me up to your level!
And I'll be on your level, no?
Metin, that's enough.
-Bitch ass!
-Watch it!
Okay, I'm sorry.
But I'll stop talking
to both of you, okay?
And I'll unfollow you.
Go find out what it means.
Do you know
what hurts me the most in life?
Being enemies
with learned people like you.
Let me join you up there.
Let me, please. Let me be with you.
Please stop watching those videos.
Please stop it.
You're jealous!
-Please…
-You are!
You drew him?
You said you drew from memory!
But he posed for you!
You just wait…
"I…" "I was born with you."
"You…"
"You died with me."
Here is a can of worms for you…
"You…"
"I gave you my hands, my precious rose."
"My precious rose…"
"But…"
"But you had my heart in your hands."
A can of worms for you.
Here it is.
NEW POST
Alright.
He got a like even for that!
Here.
Don't say a word about it, okay?
Yes, ma'am.
A good deed, huh? Look at yourself.
I didn't say it, I swear.
You turned out to be such an awful person.
You think so?
Take this. Keep it for yourself.
No, there is no need.
You have a victim mentality.
You make stupid jokes
about serious matters.
True.
I found you funny only once. Just once.
That's okay, thanks.
-You're right, brother.
-Thanks.
What show are you on?
Um, The Love Boat.
PLEASE SERVICE MY ROOM
Are you angry, my love? Here.
Dude, you wronged me, you know?
You're right. Forgive me.
-You want to be loved.
-True.
-I love you, my brother.
-Yes.
Ajda or Sezen?
Both.
I understand you all.
Remember Floyd Barclay.
Okay.
Enjoy.
Your videos are useless.
We'll have a talk.
Did you take your pill?
No, we'll talk with a clear head.
I'm putting myself out there.
But they are arguing with me
instead of respecting me.
-Who?
-Everyone!
Don't worry about it.
These are toxic thoughts.
In your videos, do you ever say,
"Take a look at yourself,
analyze yourself"?
No. You say, "Put yourself in the center."
Who am I to be in the center? Wait.
What? Who am I? Maybe I'm an asshole.
Then you tell me to take a deep breath.
That's it.
Paranoia.
What did you eat?
Did you eat acidic foods today?
Clearly. What else could it be?
For three months,
my mom didn't know I ate avocado.
I ate alkaline foods for what?
Everyone's still making fun of me.
But you're closing off your perception.
I'm not! I'm sharp as a razor.
I have eyes everywhere.
Which is unnecessary.
Do you grate cinnamon sticks
onto your probiotic yogurt?
I don't grate shit.
Our families used to eat a kilo
of cheese pie on Sundays 30 years ago.
And we weren't stressed.
You don't teach me
how to communicate with others.
But I see it now.
I'll wreck you on Twitter.
You have 14 followers, Ayzek.
So? Aren't they human beings?
Sure, it means nothing
if I don't have a million followers.
Keep attacking us because we are helpless.
I'm piss-poor.
But I'm not good
because I don't eat probiotic yogurt?
You have an opinion on everything.
"Carob pods make you feel peaceful."
You even have an opinion on bulgur.
Stop freaking knowing everything
from the rings of Saturn
to the stuff in a mother's womb!
People should doubt themselves a little.
Honey, is your immunity important or not?
How could eating sausage be a crime? Huh?
I'm on bad terms with my mom. Okay, fine.
My mom is bad. I'm bad. It happens.
But why do I listen to you?
I stopped talking
to my brother-in-law Ibrahim
because Mercury is in retrograde.
Because it's toxic. What?
But I know now.
I'll be after you till Judgment Day.
The afterlife. My favorite.
Sure. You're all there too, right?
Angel energy or whatever.
Don't meddle with everything.
Miss out on some stuff.
I moved to Peru, you know?
There is a temple there at 5,000 meters.
There, you do breathing
and energy and yoga…
-Am I talking to myself?
-Of course.
Huh? Am I talking to myself?
Yes.
You hurt me with your videos.
But I'm hurt too, Metin.
Yes, Mom?
Metin, son, I don't like
the way you've been acting.
It's okay, Mom.
I accept and approve of myself. It's okay.
Don't talk to your mom.
She is completely negative.
She is, right?
I have a question.
Are you all happy at least?
Am I the only failure?
How would I know, dear Metin?
I died two years ago.
Those are old videos.
I'm happy, of course. I'm pure energy now.
And those videos, I don't know,
felt good back then, love.
It's just loneliness, really.
Really? Is that it? Really?
How did you die?
I fell and apparently died while skiing.
In Uludağ?
No, somewhere abroad.
Of course.
-How did you fall?
-Like this.
Ayzek!
What's up? I called you yesterday,
but you didn't answer.
Wow, Salih, my friend!
-How are you?
-What happened? You don't look good.
This is beneath me, right?
I did great at sea. I fucked up on land.
Unfortunately.
The pandemic took its toll too.
You're not wearing a mask.
Well…
I stopped wearing them today.
Are you in touch
with the guys from the port?
I see Bahri. Mehmet works with me.
Right.
If they ask,
tell them Ayzek is a shipwreck now.
I'm the night manager here.
-Are you okay?
-I am.
Suhal…
You know the…?
Could you call…
Mr. Bahtiyar's wife, Dora?
I sent her a bunch of weird texts.
I don't want to mess things up.
Could you talk to her?
What are these?
I wrote her poems to convince her.
I also sent quotes from Google.
What about the poop emoji?
It seems I got angry at some point.
Could you call her
so that she comes and gets Mr. Bahtiyar?
But why?
I just wanted to be useful
and do something nice.
I can't call her. You do it.
Okay, I'll keep you out of it.
But be yourself, okay?
I should be myself now.
Okay.
-Yes, Bah…
-Hello, ma'am.
I'm Metin Arıcı, the night manager here
at the Komodor Hotel. Are you Ms. Dora?
Wait a minute. Where is Bahtiyar?
Did something happen?
Mr. Bahtiyar had
a little accident last night, ma'am.
We tried, but couldn't reach you.
Sorry, what accident?
Can I see Bahtiyar if he is there?
Sure. Say you're fine.
-I'm fine. Don't worry.
-Did something happen?
No, ma'am. I'm here. Nothing can happen.
Thank you so much, Mr. Metin.
I'll be there soon, Bahtiyar.
Could you send me your location?
-Of course, right away.
-Thank you. Thanks.
Thank you. Thanks, ma'am.
One thank you was enough.
I spoke really well.
I can express myself really well
once I organize my thoughts.
-Take your phone.
-Thanks.
You are good at what you do, yes.
You ignorantly made me take
a random pill, but it's okay.
-Stop trying too hard.
-I'm not.
Weird, isn't it, Professor?
It works if you don't try too hard.
It doesn't work even if I do.
-Here, sir.
-Thanks.
You can check it. It hasn't been touched.
I have no doubts.
Really? It's good to doubt a little.
You're a scientist after all.
I'm a man of literature, you know.
I want to believe.
Floyd Barclay.
He is very grumpy.
He complains about everything.
May God make your life easy.
That's not how we see it.
You sent me those weird texts, right?
No, I'm the night manager here.
Okay.
Thanks again. Have a good one.
People are weird, right, Suhal?
He left without paying my 270 liras.
No, everyone is whoever they are.
Huh!
Is the nerd gone?
He wasn't a bad guy.
-Would you like breakfast?
-No.
Tea?
-I'll make some.
-Alright.
Suhal, Mr. Cengiz said
Hacer would come at 7:00.
You know her? A woman is coming.
Yes, it's Mrs. Hacer.
Morning.
-How are you?
-Thanks.
He said she was short.
Mrs. Hacer!
-Davut, my man, what is going on?
-Stop!
What is going on?
Stop!
-Hacer!
-Davut?
-Mrs. Hacer!
-What are you doing?
-She fell.
-Stop!
-Davut, man!
-Did it hit?
Davut, please!
-My car keys!
-Mrs. Hacer!
Get me out of here!
-Is there a back door?
-Give me the gun!
Are you okay, dear?
-My friend…
-The exit…
-How did that happen? What did you do?
-I shot her.
-Is the exit downstairs? Get me out!
-Don't! I can't!
Don't! I can't!
Davut, don't!
I thought you were a great man,
a good human being.
-This is why I came here.
-Please.
I didn't sleep all night!
I made up my mind!
I was always on your side.
I thought you were good. Please.
-Here, put it in your pocket.
-This was your idea?
-I'm thinking.
-You'll run away?
-I will.
-Don't do it.
-Friend…
Lose the gun. Throw it away.
You're my friend, okay?
-Okay.
-You're my friend.
-Is there an exit there?
-Yes.
-There is no exit here.
-There is.
-What is going on?
-I can't go back to the door.
Look, I was always on your side tonight.
I thought you were a good man.
Hacer was going to come at 7:00.
They trusted me with the hotel.
But you shot Hacer!
I loved her to death! I was dying of love!
Is this love?
I saw that lovely, beautiful girl here.
I did things for her.
Mine is not love, but yours is?
Loving madly!
Loving like they do in novels and movies!
What novels, man? What novels?
What are you talking about?
Tell me a single novel that you read!
You know, I…
Stop saying "you know!"
You're still saying "you!"
Don't involve others. You need to say "I!"
I was on your side.
I kept saying all night,
"Davut is a good man."
And you kept doing this!
I kept putting it in the box,
did you know?
What's the jail time for this?
I won't go to jail. I'll run away.
You'll run away.
Do you have a nice tie?
I do.
Good, wear it to court.
What the hell?
Metin.
-Call an ambulance.
-Okay.
-Metin!
-It's fine.
Call an ambulance!
-I'll call the police.
-You're a good guy.
-Call an ambulance!
-I'll call the police.
Get me out of here.
Metin!
Call an ambulance.
Metin?
Go upstairs. Go.
It's okay. Go.
Metin!
Call an ambulance.
What did I tell you?
I go bang bang
when something is wrong, right?
Call an ambulance.
Metin. Metin, you are a good person.
Call an ambulance!
Metin, you are my friend!
Metin, call an ambulance!
Metin! Call… Metin.
Here, this is your share of the tips.
Go to a nice school with it.
You dropped this.
I'm not Çetin.
I'm Metin from the Karaköy port.
-I'll take Mrs. Hacer home.
-Okay.
THE END
Subtitle translation by: M. C.